I feel you. bro.
You hide behind an invisibility cloak.
It's time to earn yours.
You're still too small for me
you attack Surrender.
You fight furiously.
- I fight like a father.
You are not the father. You are Dek.
Are you surrendering? -Never. -Good.
I'm alive. bro.
You have so much to prove
to know who you are.
I am Yautja. - Not yet.
Do you hold a sword. Kwei? -Not.
Take it.
Did you keep this toy?
- To remember what happened.
I lost a canine.
- And you saved me.
You protected me. Come.
I fixed it.
Don't blow yourself up.
You made a vow today
like your ancestors before you.
In order to earn a place in
you have to choose the prey for the clan.
Bring it home or don't come back.
Wait. Bring it back.
Genna. A deadly planet.
Home of the dangerous Kaliska.
Even his father is afraid of him.
Then Kalisk will be my trophy.
Father says I am the weakest
so that's why I have to kill the strongest.
- Failure means death.
Then it won't be a failure.
I can't allow it.
I made a vow.
Father. I respectfully greet you.
Why wasn't it done? He deserves to be hunted.
He is the weakness of our clan.
Weakness must be purified.
He will bring Kaliska.
Bullshit. He is a runner.
You should have done it
while he was sleeping. Kill him.
Immediately.
It will only bring us an honorable death.
Father.
Kwei. - Brave. brother.
Kwei.
Forgive weakness
means to show weakness.
Don't. father. Not.
Take the sword.
Kwei.
Takeoff initiated.
Bring it home.
f i l m s k i m a r a t o n . co m
Yautja.
Is it better now? Universal translation.
You hear Yautjanski.
Others hear their own language.
Come on. It's not good for you.
He's waiting for the needles to incapacitate you. Then you
eat until you can't move.
I could help you. but I need help.
Yautjes hunt alone.
Yauts may hunt alone.
but they also die alone.
Kalisk.
You are hunting Kaliske.
You have to run faster.
It happens quickly.
If you had a weapon.
i could use it.
Use.
Throw it to me and I'll give you the antidote.
Now or never.
Hi.
It should be like new.
They bloom because of the poison.
They are also good for antidote.
Do you want to raise limes?
Let's go.
Excuse me. sir.
What about your legs?
- I'm synthetic.
I was created and sent from Weyland
Yutania for research.
Their people wouldn't even a day
endured on this planet.
We found that...
Look. Many Yautjas
they came because of the great Kaliskas.
No one survived. Not even Genna.
I saw Kaliske.
I survived them.
I suggest this. You will take me
and I will lead you to their lair.
When we come. I'll have legs.
and you your trophy. Everyone wins.
Agreed?
Have you seen Kaliske? -That.
I certainly saw Kaliske.
Good.
I wish you luck on your journey.
I'm going my way.
I'm sure you'll come up with something.
Hey.
I've already been of use to you.
As a tool?
That. Exactly like a tool.
You will survive Genna only if
you know how to manage. I know how.
With a specific tool
he could catch Kaliske.
You could be the first.
We will delay your tools.
- You can call me a thief.
You look smaller than other Yautja.
How do you chew? With that outside
or with internal teeth?
What should I call you?
No one has done me before
threw. What a waste.
How fast were you falling with the ship?
Faster than the speed of sub-light?
We haven't discovered it.
The plasma sword is interesting.
They only have that in your clan?
And what should I call you?
I call them Imbre Anguis.
They just want to eat.
You will catch more flies
with honey than with vinegar.
I don't need flies.
Predatory organisms are mine
specific area of expertise.
I researched Yautje extensively.
Impressive culture.
Ask me anything.
I bet I will answer.
Very funny. Still
you didn't say your name.
My name is Dek. Take me.
-Good. It can.
Let's go back to the beginning.
We were born before
64 billion cycles.
When red is dying
dwarf star...
Beautiful.
All this time it hasn't
I'm tired of looking.
How long have you been here? - Before
we came to Genna for two years.
We built a base. Then
we were in the vultures' nest
exciting 13 days. seven o'clock.
43 minutes and two seconds of my life.
I knew someone would come.
I was just wrong about you.
Who will come?
Tessa.
Our crew is completely
composed of synthetic.
but Tessa and I are special.
We are more sensitive than others.
Sensitivity is a weakness.
Sensitivity helps us to
we understand the beings on the planet.
We were created to work in a group.
I was in the lab.
and Tessa on the field.
Until one fine day
when Tessa took me.
We were researching Genna.
Then Kalisk attacked us.
They separated me and us.
Last I heard
was Tessa's call.
Looking for me.
Kalisk came.
I didn't know what to do.
I refuse to believe she's dead.
UNIT RESTART
She's dead. Tessa.
CONDITION
DAMAGED
MAIN FUNCTIONS
CAPABLE OF WORKING
MISSION INCOMPLETE
REMAINS FIRST PRIORITY
FIND ITEM XX0522
ENSURE THE RETURN OF BIO WEAPONS
ATTENTION
THE NEW WILL BE DISCOVERED
TYPE
YAUTJA
POTENTIAL HAZARD TO THE MISSION
Hi Tessa. The company is not happy.
Further failure will ensue
by removing you.
Where is Thia?
Thia is with Yautja.
I have to eat.
Two warriors. Dek and Thia are hunting.
I have a question. What should I do?
What is this being?
Bone buffalo. Theirs
insensitive food.
Then it will be mine too
food. - Very exciting.
I hunt with Yautja.
Tessa wouldn't believe it.
Carefully. - Quiet. tool.
Sharp grass.
They will chop you up
pieces. We'll bypass it.
You give up easily.
We may not be hunting alone.
A strange creature. I didn't see you.
Thea. I'm glad.
Your opponent seems to be better.
Be careful how you move around the trees.
There are moon bugs.
Behind you.
He's stronger than he looks.
Dec. Look.
Kalisk? - It's not.
Moon bug.
Do you have any other weapons?
Why did you stop? Let's go.
- You give up easily.
The best hunt I've ever been on.
This is a dream team.
A dynamic trio.
You remember when you were going down
a tree? That monster's mouth. I mean...
It didn't smell nice.
but we fixed it.
Then we met you.
Our little. sweet creature.
Thank you. Seriously. On that experience.
Really great. Exciting. Very.
What was your favorite part?
When I pierced his head with the sword
so the blood ran down my face.
Super.
No thanks. I don't eat
but it is very sweet.
The meat is not sweet.
- Good to know.
Our little friend is hungry.
I think it marks you.
She wants you to be in her clan.
Maybe she got lost. - I don't have a clan.
What do you mean?
- Are all Yautje family?
I don't have a clan.
Nobody took care of you?
I had a brother.
What happened to him?
- His father killed him.
You are mourning. - Lamenting is weakness.
You're here because you lost your brother.
- I came to get Kalisko.
Why are you here?
I'm here because the journey is with you
the best way to reach Tessa.
When I was in the vulture's nest.
I was afraid I wouldn't see her again.
She should be able to
survive alone. - I can.
Who wants to survive alone?
Tessa is your sister.
Sister.
That. I think it is.
I have a sister.
What a beautiful thought.
I have to find her. -And legs.
Please? -Find your sister and your legs.
Are you joking?
It's dawn. Let's go.
- We can't leave Bud.
Bud? -That. I gave her a name.
Yautjes hunt alone.
You are not alone. I'm with you.
You are a tool.
The tree would have eaten us if it hadn't been for her.
We are not on the tree now.
Kalisk?
He drinks water here.
Is he drinking water here?
You're useless if you don't speak.
Bud saved us.
She spat on you yes
and mark as part of the family.
Why did your father kill your brother?
My brother protected me.
The clan must not have a weakness.
I will show them what strength is.
There is a predator on Earth
called a wolf. A powerful being.
They hunt in packs. They are very loyal.
The pack leader is the alpha
as the most dominant.
Wolf. Alpha must be a great hunter.
I will hunt him down too. -Not.
The alpha is not the wolf that kills the most.
Alpha is actually the one who
best protects the pack.
I understand.
I will be the most killing alpha.
Kalisk's lair?
Who are they? - Synthetic
from Weyland-Yutani.
Kalisk destroyed most of them
of our mission team.
I'm here.
Now you will walk more easily. - It will be.
Not. It will be easier for me to walk.
Of course. That.
Thanks. Dec. I won't forget this.
I will remember this too.
Today I will become Yautjin Dek.
I will pay tribute to Kwei
when I bring Kaliska home.
Then I will have my revenge.
You will see my trophy first.
It's a great honor for you.
Dek. I have to tell you something.
You must leave now.
Location tracker activated. - What?
I called Tessa. Company
is coming. You must not be there when they come.
I came to get Kalisko.
Like me. Dek.
The company sent us
to catch Kalisko.
You want my trophy.
Where is Kalisk?
-Dek. you can't kill him.
I used you
to the tool. not you me.
I'm sorry. You have to go.
I needed you to bring me
here. - I used you.
Where is Kalisk?
- I'm trying to help you. Dek.
You think he's your brother
saved to die here?
My death will be honorable.
Call your sister.
Nothing can stop me.
Come on.
Save yourself. tool.
Tool. take this off.
You're not Thia.
Set me free.
You're just another broken tool.
Yautja called her own.
Why are you spared?
Remove this.
Or I'll rip you out
spine and fracture the skull.
I read Thia's notes.
You didn't tell her why
your brother protected you.
You don't exist. You are a device.
Others created you yes
you work for them. - That's right.
And now you are property
Weyland-Yutani Corporation.
It's a great honor for you.
Tessa.
You came. - We came.
I have seen so much.
I have so much to tell you.
I saw very extraordinary beings.
Yautja is a great companion.
Thia. you were right about Kalisko.
You betrayed me?
Being is a regenerative miracle.
Humanity will thank us.
We caught Kalisk? -That. Mother will
be satisfied with the additional catch.
By additional catch?
Yautja is not an ideal individual.
Not. It's not ideal.
Their technology is valuable.
We can pick up weapons
and leave Yautja.
Well thought out. but not developed.
We will need a sample for research.
It wasn't part of our mission.
Tessa. it's not enough.
Tessa.
Thia. that is expected of us.
We can be more than
what they expect from us.
What can we be? - Sisters.
Thia.
Do you know why?
Mother gave feelings?
That we can understand
beings on this planet.
And use them.
Yautja is different.
He saved me. As are you.
I didn't come to save you.
I'm completing the mission.
When we first faced
Kaliska. I tried to protect you.
It almost cost me everything.
What do you mean. Tessa?
I almost made a mistake like what
Yautja's brother was wrong.
It must be cold.
Thia. you are devastated.
Tessa. a message from Mother.
Make Yautja say something
about his weapon. - And the unit?
Save her.
I trusted you.
I don't like tools. - I'm sorry.
My sister is...
I don't love your sister either.
Why do you speak his language?
Tell the tool that you are interested in the device.
You heard the orders. Explain the device.
What kind of device is that?
It asks for the device. - It's a child's toy.
But it says it's a card.
- What did he say?
He says it's a map.
- How does it work?
Tell the tool to look inside.
It was a child's toy?
-For the Yautja children.
Dek runs away.
Go.
Enter the coordinates of your destination. Kwei.
You saved me. bro.
Wolf.
Kalisk.
Young Kaliska.
Don't move.
Hello. mother. - Tessa.
We are loading the Kalisk.
First priority done. A copy
was collected. Thank you. Tessa.
We are truly creating a better world.
What about Yautja?
Yautja is an insufficient specimen.
- What about Yautja?
I'm sorry. mother. Yautja is dead.
Then Yautja is no longer a threat.
The company will be satisfied.
Nicely done.
Shit.
Bravo.
Don't move.
Dek. what are you doing here?
- I came to save you.
You came back for me? -Wolf.
What are you wearing?
Bone buffalo.
Yautjin Dek.
You and me. Thia.
We have to hurry.
More will come soon.
What are you doing here?
Thanks. Bud. I don't need it.
We have to go. - Kalisk.
Still. Dek?
Young Kaliska.
Bud? - They are holding her mother.
Bud is her child?
What's the plan? - You will free
Kaliska. and I will get the trophy.
You have twenty minutes to go
startup. Let's go hunting.
Stay here.
If you walk in. you won't really fit in.
I have an idea.
I see him. After me.
What are you doing?
What are you doing here? I said
you to catch Yautja.
You said to prepare the ship for
take off in twenty minutes.
Then why are you here? I ordered you.
What will we do with the being? - What being?
You should listen to her. - Should I listen to her?
I don't know.
We need his eyes.
Hi. Dec. What is he like
feeling when someone is hunting you?
You tell me.
Death.
I was betrayed by my own sister.
We are not sisters.
It's not yours.
Yautjin Dek. - Not yet.
You came to take revenge?
- I came to get the cloaking device.
What is this? - I finished hunting.
That's my trophy.
You are a disgrace to our clan as well as Kwei.
Get rid of him.
Maybe the real son survived after all.
Bow and take
place in our clan.
I have my own clan.
You finally deserve a device.
Yautjin Dek.
More of your friends? -Not.
My mother.